c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.exe
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.deps.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.pdb
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GBX.NET.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GBX.NET.LZO.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\GBX.NET.ZLib.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\Iconic.Zlib.Netstandard.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\SharpLzo.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\TmEssentials.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\browser-wasm\native\liblzo2.a
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\liblzo2.so
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\liblzo2.so
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\liblzo2.so
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\liblzo2.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\liblzo2.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.pdb
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\GetTMNFPBs.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\GetTMNFPBs.dll
