c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.exe
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.deps.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.pdb
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GBX.NET.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GBX.NET.LZO.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GBX.NET.ZLib.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\Iconic.Zlib.Netstandard.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\SharpLzo.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\TmEssentials.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\bin\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\liblzo2.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\refint\GetTMNFPBs.dll
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.pdb
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\GetTMNFPBs.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Tobias\Documents\Programmieren\Python-Learn\TMNF Leaderboard\GetTMNFPBs\obj\Debug\net8.0\win-x64\ref\GetTMNFPBs.dll
